you feel it on the smoke of the floor you are one
stuff that makes you fly
we are faced with a special bread it is
a bread around which we are
working for years and we will continue to
while working on it from da da da da
right from our fort knox
this is the most precious thing that that
this is my yeast in my restaurant
mother we carry around with us
us for six years but who had been there
given by a lady from anacapri who
he had been carrying it for 30 years and
we started working by kneading
with flour and then we saw that
the more we went towards the quality of the
flour plus sourdough reacted well
and precisely the quality of the
of light and we have then
traced of organic flours
no doubt lighter than the alt
I would say more expensive than high and but the
result is fantastic meanwhile no one
waste because this is old bread
that I know for a few days and that
could carry on for 15 days
like baby feeling many things to hear
very quality but I won't tell you then
the use of old bread then make us
bread soups or baby food
tomato with this bread here you feel
this is the quality gap
mother yeast that we carry with us
of days that instead of the flour if there
take a close-up, you can see it right there
a different color a grain
different cia is a me throwing flour
organic of ancient grains this
we have it are the shapes we have
done last night at 9 we made them
levitate throughout the night as a rule
at 9 and a half we put them in the oven is
this
exit feel again cause the exit of
this morning he figured out how long
we said it lasts allow noise
Tuscan noise is a great tour a
to infinity I obviously bring it to me
I keep it for 15-20 days
in the face not cloth and gradually gradually
at the end after 15 days maybe it
pass a moment in the toaster but more
for the throat that moreover the thing the
Incredible question of the series is good
eat food that is good because it's enough
with this story you can eat
food that doesn't hurt
This is a big trick that I do n't miss
I am interested in eating that food
it's good and you don't have to be palates here
refined enough to realize it
really put it in your mouth
unfortunately with the 00 flour that's why
you have also tried to do it but that
We have tried the least expensive flour and the
mother immediately reacts but behaves
there immediately gives you the signal every
the mother should be washed so you say yes
it must be washed when it has too many hours not
this is the case, but we can see it
just a hint see more points
dark load when this dark
it becomes excessive we are doing it
striped given we are in a hot water and
the curiamola whitens moily we start again
just then we said it's more expensive
the flour, however, actually in the end yes
normal hard there is no waste okay not
only every time this to me
it happens and I don't think it happens on high
I feel like eating a 00 flour
how to say a little
clear is the blow also happens to me
eating pizzas then at this me
it's a little nervous because it's one
feeling uncomfortable in short here is the
this bread nor can I really eat
the whole form anything with anything a
fantastic wonderful